Add docs about custom security system (#705)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: bundles/security/security_system.rst

Security System
===============

Sulu Security Bundle provides the possibility to work with different security systems.
This means a user can only login into a configured symfony firewall when the user has
atleast one role in the current matching security system. A role is always related to

> on security system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SecurityBundle supports to work with different security systems. Each role is assigned 
to a security system.
When a request happens, the request is assigned to a security system and the symfony firewall allows a user to login only if the user has at least one role in the assigned security system.
```

> By default there is one Security system the ``Sulu`` which is used in the admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, there is a single security system called ``Sulu`` which is used for the administration interface.
```

Webspace Security System
------------------------

Every webspace can also define a security system, this is required when a website requires

> some kind of a login:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A webspace can define a security system in its configuration. The security system will be
assigned to the request when a user visits a page of the webspace.

If your webspace requires some kind of login, you should define a security system in its configuration:
```

.. code:: xml

    <security>
        <system>Website</system>
    </security>

> To use object security on pages, media or custom entities you need to enable ``permission-check``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restrict pages, media entities or custom entities to logged in users with a specific role, 
you need to enable ``permission-check`` in the webspace configuration:
```

.. code-block:: xml

    <security permission-check="true">
        <system>example</system>
    </security>

> For this it is important to activate :doc:`../../cookbook/user-context-caching`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent caching problems with restricted entities, it is important to activate :doc:`../../cookbook/user-context-caching`.
```

Custom Security System
----------------------

> To add a custom security system. Beside the admin security system on webspace
> security system can be done via a custom Admin class. This is common for
> intranet or extranets which are not related to a webspace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register a custom security system in a ``Admin`` class. This is useful for sections 
like an intranet or an extranet which are not associated to a specific webspace:
```

.. code-block:: php

    namespace App\Sulu\Admin;

    use Sulu\Bundle\AdminBundle\Admin\Admin;

    class ExtranetAdmin extends Admin
    {
        public const SYSTEM = 'Extranet';

        public function getSecurityContexts()
        {
            return [self::SYSTEM => []];
        }
    }

That the sulu user provider knows about which system is currently active a
request listener need to be registered which sets the current system for

> the system store service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to register a request listener that assigns the custom security context to the request.
To do this, you access the ``SystemStore`` service in your listener:
```

            return [
                KernelEvents::REQUEST => [
                    // need to be after @see \Sulu\Bundle\SecurityBundle\EventListener\SystemListener::getSubscribedEvents
                    // need to be before @see \Symfony\Bundle\SecurityBundle\EventListener\FirewallListener::getSubscribedEvents
                    ['processSecuritySystem', 9],
                ],
            ];
        }

        public function processSecuritySystem(RequestEvent $event): void
        {
            if (!$event->isMainRequest()) {
                return;
            }

            $config = $this->map->getFirewallConfig($event->getRequest());
            if (!$config) {
                return;
            }

            if ('extranet' === $config->getName()) {
                $this->systemStore->setSystem(ExtranetAdmin::SYSTEM);
            }
        }
    }

System Store
------------

The system store is the service which provides ``sulu_security.system_store``
the current security system. This is example used by the UserProvider to
provide only users which are in the current system. It is also used for
smart content providers to return only objects which the current user has

> access for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``SystemStore`` service is used by the ``UserProvider`` to access the security system of the current request. It is registered with the service id ``sulu_security.system_store``. 
```
